h2. What Is It?

checkfileseq -- scan directories for file sequences with missing files.

checkfileseq is a command line tool for scanning directories that contain
file sequences (e.g. @file.001.png, image.002.png, ... image.NNN.png@ , etc.)
and determine if each file sequence present is complete. 

It defines one class @FileSequenceChecker@ which does all the processing.

h2. Requirements

"Python 2.7":http://www.python.org

h2. Python 3 Compatibility

Not quite there yet, but once the "argparse":http://docs.python.org/library/argparse.html module is added to the 
Python 3.2 stdlib it shouldn't be too hard to convert the rest of the module.
In fact I estimate just extracting the @FileSequenceChecker@ class and running that 
through @2to3@ should be possible right now.

h2. Documentation

You can view the generated documentation "online":http://www.bergmedia.de/remote/github/checkfileseq/docs/index.html.

h2. Sample Output

bc.. In unittests/data/normal_order:
  Missing André-009.png
  Missing André-010.png
  Missing André-002 03.png
  Missing André-002 18.png
  Missing André-002 19.png
  Missing Version 1.0 - Write Icon 01.r6.png
  Missing Version 1.0 - Write Icon 01.r7.png
  Missing Write30 6.png
  Missing Write30 8.png
  Missing Write30 9.png
  Missing Write30 10.png
  Missing line.009.bmp
  Missing résumé.v01.20.png
  Missing résumé.v01.21.png
In unittests/data/fileexcludes:
  Missing Name20.02.png
  Missing Name20.03.png
  Missing Name20.04.png
  Missing Name20.05.png
In unittests/data/reverse_order:
  Missing 2 Write30.png
  Missing 4 Write30.png
  Missing 5 Write30.png
  Missing v13_Write.png
  Missing v14_Write.png
  Missing r101_Write30.png
  Missing r102_Write30.png
  Missing r103_Write30.png
In unittests/data/mixed_order:
  Missing 2 Write30.png
  Missing 4 Write30.png
  Missing 5 Write30.png
  Missing -N0name002-png
  Missing -N0name003-png
  Missing André-010.png
  Missing André-013.png
  Missing André-014.png
  Missing André-002 17.png
  Missing André-002 18.png
  Missing André-002 19.png
  Missing Name20.02.png
  Missing Name20.04.png
  Missing Name20.05.png
  Missing Write30 6.png
  Missing Write30 9.png
  Missing Write30 10.png
 
-------------
Total missing: 43 files in 4 dirs

Processed 172 files in 0.0075 s

h2. Copyright

Created by André Berg on 2010-11-06.
Copyright 2010 Berg Media. All rights reserved.

h2. License

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

"http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0":http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0 

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an *"AS IS"* *BASIS*,
*WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND*, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.